Updating KoBo docs (#827)
okfn/ckanext-unhcr: docs/kobo-import.md

![kobo import form](imgs/kobo-import-form.png)

After filling all the required fields and continue to next step you will

> automatically see some resources (dependineg on which format you select on previous step).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automatically see some resources (depending on which format you selected on the previous step).  
```
